You two have something in common,
Even if the mother is eager to feed her grandson,
I don’t care about this day or two.
Ah, two batches are full in an instant,
Don't hit him. Oops, our Yunlan also knows how to protect his wife.
Yunlan's welcome is tonight.
Li Fu has been sent to your rooms respectively.
None of you are going to eat tonight.
Eat, eat enough. Full. Full. elder brother,
Today is your official announcement of your return.
Congratulations. elder brother,
The two of us flew so far.
You don’t have to worry about mom’s house being in the middle.
I don't think,
What else do we need.
Then I'll open the skylight and say it's bright
After all, I have a hand in winning history.
Unexpectedly, two years have passed. Qin Qin
Nothing, just chatting casually
But today’s face
Just did it casually
How is it like ringing the New Year?
Making faces again
I've been working on it for four or five hours and it's still not done yet.
I said which tea master
It really smells like 400 million tea.